Add new section in Qibolab website (#229)
qiboteam/qibolab: doc/source/getting-started/lab.rst

How to connect Qibolab to your lab
==================================

> In this section we will see how to let ``Qibolab`` communicate with your lab’s instruments and run an experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will show how to let ``Qibolab`` communicate with your lab’s instruments and run an experiment.
```

After all the devices have a proper class, they have to be coordinated to perform an experiment.
In ``Qibolab`` we can do this with a class (``DummyPlatform``) that inherits the methods
from ``AbstractPlatform`` and reads the useful information from the runcard below
(in this example we save it as ``dummy.yml``):

.. code-block:: yaml

    nqubits: 1
    description: Dummy platform runcard to use for testing.
    # Instruments' settings
    settings:
        hardware_avg: 1024
        sampling_rate: 1_000_000_000
        repetition_duration: 200_000
        minimum_delay_between_instructions: 4
    # time to sleep every time ``execute_pulse_sequence`` is called
    sleep_time: 1
    # list of qubits' IDs
    qubits: [0]
    # Qubits' properties
    characterization:
        single_qubit:
            0:
                resonator_freq: 7824855425
                qubit_freq: 5082441303
                T1: 21160
                T2: 17214
                state0_voltage: 847
                state1_voltage: 251
                mean_gnd_states: (-0.0008313786783245074+0.00044815319987281076j)
                mean_exc_states: (-0.00022773024569023835+0.0003203066357136082j)

> The class ``DummyPlatform`` has a method ``execute_pulse_sequence`` that reads the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class ``DummyPlatform`` has a method ``execute_pulse_sequence`` that executes the
```

> input pulse sequences and return an output pulse sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input pulse sequences and return the readout results.
```

.. code-block:: python

    class DummyPlatform(AbstractPlatform):
        #Dummy platform that returns random voltage values.
        #Args:

>         #    name (str): name of the platform.

Reviewer: We are missing a comment line for the runcard, correct?
